Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this problem claims and it's continuing with this.
So let me quickly tell you something about this problem.
You don't see lots of these problems which are quite NQ type of solution and mostly all of the problems
with built theme, but their cost function will change a little later.
They are very there are many standard problems of this type.
Right.
So.
I'll tell you what other problems to practice off topic this thing this it's a good level problem,
guys.
And if you understand it, you can pick this many problems which are related to this.
So, yeah.
The problem is the admin sees that there are and claims lined up in a row.
Initially the ID slime from the left has a size of a god who is trying to combine all the flames into
a larger slime.
You will perform the following operation repeatedly until there is only one slime.
So choose to add distance length and then combine and combine them into a new same museum as a size
expressway.
Basically, we have many slaves and we are combining who are just in planes one by one.
So in Italy, how many options we have we have and minus one options, we can combine any of them,
minus one option.
So if they are enslaves, that means I can combine any of the two at this entrance.
So there and minus one a decent length.
Here does News Limited space x plus five, x and y are the sizes of the slime before combining them.
Eight.
So if it was three and four you in and combine three and five, then it becomes eight eight and the
cost which is incurred is X plus.
Okay, this is what I was talking about.
It's not always explosive.
It can be in the Y or some function of X and Y, right?
A lot of problems like this, and all of them have very similar solution to the position.
A relationship of length does not change while combining seams.
So this means that, again, if we take an example, let's say if I combine 20 and 30, then so then
50, that will be the new.
Size of the same rate.
Experts say that during previous studies, 5850 cost isn't good.
That's fine.
But the new size of the same becomes 50.
So.
That 50 slimes made so that 50 so that size 50 will come in the middle of ten and 40, it will be ten,
15, 40.
You cannot change the position of the slaves.
Well.
So here you can see an example.
The first one is to have ten and 20, which is 30, then have.
Okay.
So what does it cost in here?
And this Randy is 38.
So the new size of the same is also 30 and the cost incurred is also 30.
So there is a cost.
And what we have to do is find the minimum possible constraint so we can do it for minimum.
We can also do it for maximum.
Let's see how to do.
And yeah so here we have now that it was 3030 so combining my 30 and 30 a good 60 so a little also starting
to go after 60.
So it becomes 90 right now and here we have 6040 which is 100, 200 plus 90.
The previous course becomes 190.
So this is minimum possible, total cost.
Let me give you some examples.
Let's have this.
Ten, 20, 30, 40.
There can be a way that I can start combining on the left hand side, or we can think of some approaches
to that.
Okay, start combining from the bigger, the smaller or smaller to big array.
So let's see it.
In the end, all of this will be reduced.
200.
Right.
Because we are we have to combine them.
Yes, I just I.
I actually got reminded of the problem.
Just a second.
The problem there was it's called.
Actually, we have to apply brackets within the mattresses.
It's.
Mattress multiplication, I guess, just as it can.
Yep.
So it is called metrics multiplication.
Right.
So it's very similar problem to metrics in multiplication.
Well, so after this, after doing this, after understanding this and solving this.
Yes.
Move on and do the.
Problem, which is metrics, gene multiplication yourself.
So let's continue with the claims that I know we have and minus one options.
We can combine any of these two claims.
And also after having and minus one steps after having in minus one.
Operations being performed.
Eight.
What will happen in the end?
All of this will be converted to hundred no matter how I perform it again.
Let's take a small example.
It's going to enter into entity.
But what are the options I have as that I can do 10/21?
And then how do you do it?
Or what I can do is basically this becomes 30.
3038 and the total cost incurred is 30 now.
In this in the right side, what we can do is I can either combine 20 or 30 with just 50, so it becomes
ten and 15 at Costco -50.
Now, after this, I have only one option, which is 30 plus 30, which is 60, and the cost incurred
is 60.
And here I have only one option, which is the cost incurred, which is 60.
Full sail, we have 60 plus 50, which is 110, but here we have 60 plus 30, which is 90, only 85
to find a minimum course.
So here you can see guys that if I'm combining 30 with 21st, that means I'm actually adding 32 months
and 20 to my final answer.
Both of them are being added to the final answer.
If they're being added to the final answer and let them again combining you'd written the 30 has been
added to my final answer twice now because honestly, I combine it with 29, it has become 50 because
50 contains 30 another 30 is again being a minority and.
It is being combined ten but it has 13 it rate.
So it is being combined two times that.
So we are getting bigger on so because he had he's been coming to terms but in this case for us we are
combining ten and 20 and then we are combining.
20 and 38.
So.
Yeah.
So this was an example, guys, that how can we move forward with the example approach?
How can they make different cases?
So what I would suggest is I would always suggest you would think of this problem in a opposite order,
in just, just opposite order.
Initially, what we have is we have instead of combining ten and 21st order and being 31st or 30 and
41st eight, what happens is.
We do this problem in just complete opposite order that in the end it will become under.
800.
How can the 800 come from 800 Canada come from?
I'm talking about the total size.
The 100 can come from.
If this was you guys in the end.
Okay, let me go a little slow here.
What I mean to say is that in the end then there will be only two bytes left which will finally combine
into what I hope got this rate.
In the end, they only two points left, no matter how much now along is that we are combining them,
so we're combining optimally and then there are only two points left.
But those two piles can be either this.
Or this.
That means ten Goma.
90.
Or that bile can be.
This or this, that is.
30, Goma, 70.
Or the pile can be 60, comma 40.
That is hundred.
Like is the only we only have these three options from which I can actually make it.
In the end, it is the last operation that will be performed.
There will be the.
Where do we call it?
Yeah.
The last combination, the last operation that will be performed will only be from these three particular
positions.
Hey.
So what will happen is the cost the cost of combining these two is equal to the cost of combining these
two is equal to the cost of combining these eight.
The cost of combining all of them is equal to one because both of these are equal to eight.
So here the cost is same.
But what we have to find is we have to find the best possible answer that, okay, if I do this, that
is 1370.
That is if I combine tender and be first and combine 30/41, then it will give me 30 and this will give
me 78.
So is this giving me the best answer or is this giving me the best answer?
Or it is just giving me the best answer.
So right now I'm just talking about the last operation that needs to be performed.
That means when I have only two particular states, so it's the way I solved any programming problems.
I take the base case first and there's only one left.
Then I take two.
Now there are only two left.
How will I like?
How will depend on one?
Then I take three, then I have three left.
How will it depend on two?
And when I get this did holders three how does it depend on two?
Then I the solution.
May I start from the bases and we can understand that.
Now is this dent in 98.
So we're just in An and B means that there was some solution that was formed by combining 20, 30,
40, and there was some solution that was formed by combining this ten.
Well, that's why we are voting in 90 and there is some answer associated with it, whatever is optimal
answer.
But how is this being formed?
It then will be as it is.
And it will be.
So now what we have is now we have 2013 and 40 have to be in the same group.
So here we have two options and there it was 24, ten was already there, then it was drawn down 70.
That means 27 people combined or then was already there and let's say 50 Goma 40 was coming.
And this.
How is this day in and day being formed and was already then I think I wonder then but we have to break
the 1992 for about how is 90 been combined and then it is combined with 27 audit is combined with 50
plus 48.
So what what is happening here is we are trying to make all possible.
We tried to make all possible passenger donors.
The minimum answer was let's let's make all possible bots so that we can do standard.
Deeply.
So yeah, we have been and this line began to be formed but with other 50, comma 40.
Or in Goma?
50.
Goma, not 50?
No.
It will be.
Randy Coma.
78.
So what's happening?
I'm combining 50 going 40 already.
Almost everybody here right now is isn't the problem that how did this become?
This 50 will only come from one step only there it is ten and I'm combining 20 and 30 and then 40.
I we are getting this they're actually instead of starting from here by combining one, one and going
back, I'm doing it the opposite way.
Just to make you understand, how does this work right now?
This can be only by ten, 20, 30 and 40 is being combined.
So here the is what's done.
So that's been coming 70 because 1340 has been combined if this coming from you.
Let's take another call for answers.
Here we are getting 50.
We are getting 70 now.
No, not this.
This has a total answer of 50 with a grade.
So 50 plus whatever is combining.
So it is 90 plus 50, which is equal to.
148.
So this is giving me 140 and this is giving me 70 plus 90, which is 168.
So which is better?
Of course, 140 is better.
So.
So this one that can go my 90.
This particular subset is being formed by only using 140.
This is our main minimum.
So it wasn't trying.
I'm going all possible parts and I'm having the minimum.
But similarly for this.
Similarly for this, the same thing will happen.
And for this also the same subtree like this will be form eight.
So here what we are doing is we are trying to combine all possible parts.
Let me take brute force and then you will easily understand.
How does that work in that case?
Hey.
So.
Yeah.